hey everyone welcome to today's episode
of learning from the pros joining me
today is Roman Chris he's the founder of
grouts online and Roman's going to be
sharing his 10 tips to make LinkedIn ads
work welcome Roman yeah thank you for
having me pump to have you why don't you
just kick us off with a a quick
background on who you are and your
experience around LinkedIn ads for the
viewers yeah so my name is uh raan as
you mentioned and uh I basically worked
in B2B sales company in house building
basic basically LinkedIn ad strategy
from scratch so like uh running some
lead genen ads and shifting to demand
gen and um yeah I uh spent there three
years and now I basically started uh
turning this experience into uh my own
business so I work with clients where I
run these strategies and helping them to
uh start and scale LinkedIn net
campaigns that's awesome um super pumped
to dive in want to kick us off with tip
number one
yes so um I think like the the first
thing uh that is like uh everyone will
in marketing will always say it's the
most important so it's like to research
your customers so but yeah what uh was
my challenge when I was uh working as
paid media specialist in house you are
not like that easily connected to
customers or like to you cannot talk to
them uh directly so um what I recommend
or what you can do is basically take the
sales calls so I think like everyone is
recording them nowadays so look at least
like three to five sales calls um get
some recommended from from the head of
sales and uh yeah see how like the the
salesperson is presenting the product or
how they how they speak to customer and
then what the customer says so it gets a
good sense of what um yeah how how the
sales process looks like and what the
people actually say and then the second
thing is also uh kind of crafting some
messaging from that so uh kind of thing
you can do is uh take the sales notes uh
now you have also summaries from the AI
everything so you can just take all
these summaries from hundreds of calls
and uh ask CH GPT just to create some
like content Matrix and like summarize
the pain points and what is the most
common paino and so on so yeah you just
get this summary you have this content
and also um you can use also notes from
the salese also do it with that uh but
yeah most of the people are using the
the AI summaries and uh yeah so that
that's is the first step when you do the
research and then as the next step you
can do uh basically taking this
information kind of we try to process
that there is a lot of work behind that
and just to validate the information if
it is like actually what you think it is
just create some short form with the top
pain points maybe um yeah like some
benefits or something like what you
heard from that from these uh sales
calls or from what you got from these
This research and uh just create form
ask uh like to elaborate more on
something to clarify something and send
it like to three to five salese just to
give you additional answers
and what I found uh when I did this it
basically gave me more context and maybe
there were some small Nuance that
basically change the context of like the
solutions that we offer so uh that is
something uh what you can find out uh in
some case basically uh you have some
solution you kind of try to push some
solution but uh maybe it's not what the
person actually is the the paino that
they want to Sol yeah so you you
basically just
uh uh want to focus on their pain points
and maybe further down when when they
start you will educate them and push
them towards the the actual solution
that you offer like for example if uh
the company I worked in at e generator
where they are
creating um you the companies were
creating e-learning courses with it and
uh the solution was that the employees
will be creating the courses and not the
the person responsible for the
e-learning so then basically uh you are
pushing that solution that the employees
will be creating the e-learning but you
want it to aim to the paino of the
person of the e-learning uh developer
that uh yeah we will solve it for you
and we will help you to do it faster and
then maybe later you will push towards
this pain Point got it uh that makes
perfect sense so so much to unpack here
so just to to recap you mentioned the
first place of start is researching your
customers which is sound and Timeless
advice uh you mentioned reviewing those
sales calls like the three to five and
um so essentially you're reviewing the
sales calls those three to five sales
calls and then from there you're finding
opportunities for messaging from it and
you're taking it a step further and then
validating those messaging angles with
your sales team so it's kind of like you
have this this asynchronous portion to
it where you're just reviewing the sales
calls and just kind of trying to mind
opportunities in terms of messaging and
then you mentioned a cool tip too around
using chat GPT where you can take the
transcript of those sales call
recordings push it into chat GPT and
then chat GPT can run an analysis to
basically understand based on like
frequency of keyword what's the biggest
clusters that come up to be able to then
say these are the top pain points these
are the top benefits so then you can you
know validate it I love the the the last
piece around validating the messaging
with sales and how you scale it with an
internal form can you just unpack that
part a little bit because I think it's
really unique and not a lot of people
are talking about
that yeah so basically from the research
I will get like 10 ideas or like 10 pain
points that I will short list uh I will
see okay this is strong this is like
aligned in already what we do or what we
hear and uh but we have some assumptions
okay this is the solution we offer and
uh this is like what they mean by that
so uh
just creating the form like just it can
be like Google form just adding like
this is the paino number one uh and ask
uh like can you specify more about like
uh how they mean that what what is
exactly the problem they are solving so
um yeah just to get clar clarity on what
is what does it mean because maybe
sometimes the AI can also like
generalize it a little bit more you can
like get it includes your the brand name
and it repeats the brand name to you on
the on the output this is the top
benefit it's like just your brand name
and you have to like massage the prompt
to not include the brand name yeah
that's that's a that's a good that's a
great point with that form are
you just to kind of go into the weeds a
little bit are you keeping it at a high
level where it's just like General Paint
points General messaging or are you also
running this validation like on a
Persona level or an industry level
well it's more like focused towards
personal so it's uh yeah uh because you
already started like not researching
like finding what is the ideal personal
but but rather trying to understand what
are the pain points and what do we solve
how they benefit from that so um yeah in
that perspective nice all right tip
number
two yeah uh then uh the second thing is
basically
defining the right targeting so now like
on LinkedIn it's like the the most
powerful um platform for targeting for
B2B so and you have tools there to make
it right and um so like based on ICP
what do you mean Meta Meta job title
targeting isn't better than
LinkedIn from my experience
uh yeah no I totally agree it gets even
more expensive so it's not so and it's
probably not that accurate so yeah yeah
and the problem there is that you do not
have the insights about that so with
LinkedIn what I wanted to mention is you
have this audience insights where you
can Define the audience uh basically in
advance and check what are the job
titles there companies and so on and
there I want to really recommend to
spend time there share it with
stakeholders um like check what is the
audience size I kind of refine what is
the the ideal targeting you can have
different variants you start with job
titles to see if you can like Target
them what is the audience size then like
other things like your functions and
different combinations so like just
having this Baseline okay this is the
core audience that we want to Target and
uh really like share it with
stakeholders so uh they can give
feedback and maybe then they can spot
something so yeah it's really helpful
and and I think like it's the most
important thing to start with so it's
just not random job titles like from
like uh different personals as well mix
don't mix it together separate these and
uh and uh make it right like from the
start at least like close to right and
then basically what is the second part
is segmenting the personals so um it is
different from compliance and like just
you know separating these different
personas because uh they will have uh
probably different performance and also
then you can then Tyler down the the
messaging as well with the campaigns so
when it comes to defining your targeting
there's a lot of different points within
that and and you kind of touched on all
of them at a high level but I know
there's someone listening to this right
now that's probably going to go down the
overthinking rabid hole on each point so
I just want to quickly rapid fire give
some clarity on on each individual one
so the first one is around using the
audience insights tool so you mentioned
with that tool you can figure out what
is the right combination of audience
when it comes to the size of the
audience do you have a general
preference on how you approach
that yeah there is no rule to the
audience size so yeah you can have like
100,000 or like just 10,000 so then it's
just about making sure that you are
reaching the right person especially
when we talk about starting starting
with LinkedIn ads you want to first
start with the core audit
making sure you're reaching them and
then experiment with expanding that so
that is how I would start like yeah uh
but yeah there is no any rule to the
audience I'm glad you said this because
I'm I know there's someone listening
that's like reading some blog article
that's telling them if you have an
audience size of you know 10,000 it's
horrible or you know just like these
absolute numbers when everything is
relative and at the end of the day with
LinkedIn you are going to be paying more
on CPM basis on average compared to
other channels so you you really want to
make sure every single one of those
Impressions stretches you know and and
it reaches and it covers and it's like
at the end of the day I always tell
clients it's like you want to set up
your targeting in a way
where the impression itself is valuable
where even if you got nothing zero in
terms of direct attribution from this
campaign the targeting itself is
valuable in itself where it's it's like
it's so justifiable where you're like
wow that impression went in front of
this title at these companies that I
would absolutely love to do business
with like that is the goal when you're
setting up that that initial targeting
the second part exactly is the targeting
combinations you kind of gloss overed it
uh where you're like you know we use job
titles or this I'm just curious do you
have certain like go-to targeting
combinations you find yourself
using well typically I started with with
um job titles so it's like the the best
thing so like typically it's like job
title
some company size and in some cases also
Industries so depending on what is the
what is the vertical and then yeah in
terms of other I go with is like job
function combining with seniority so
just uh to get it a little bit more
narrow and uh uh also combining that
with skills like the skills are a little
bit broad because it takes basically not
only the skills that you put on your
profile but it is basically scanning
like the job title that you have what
you have on the profile as a Content so
it can capture more information there so
combining like you either have job
titles and Company size and so on and
then job function scale and seniority
and then work with exclusions to let's
say narrow down to to better audience so
that's like typically like the go-to
targeting I go with yeah great great
stuff tip number
three yes
so basically then when you have when you
know what um yeah what is the paino of
the customer you know how to Target them
then you want to like distribute the
content towards them so uh I think yeah
this is something where uh most people
are kind of hesitant in do doing that
because we want the traffic on the
website we want like the direct results
but I found it like really efficient
focusing on in feed consumption and
distribution of the content so you on
scale distribute the message your
opinion you are showing this is the
problem this is the solution directly in
the feed without expecting them going to
the website and doing something reading
something just delivering that in feeds
because yeah they will just scroll
anyway you need to capture the attention
it's like they will realize okay maybe
that I will look later they will engage
maybe they will like it and then you can
retarget them with something else or if
it is video then it's like really
efficient to distribute the like
very basically long message in in in a
way how people prefer to consume content
now so that's I'm thinking about the
person listening to this right now
that's so just to recap you're saying
when you comes to distribut now it's
time to distribute your content you
found the most success with really
focusing on infeed consumption kind of a
few threads to pull there but but one
just kind of starting with the skeptic
view where someone listening to this is
like wait a second you want me to spend
money on these ads get them in front of
these
people and not even get a click from it
you're crazy what what are you talking
about like I need I need something at
least you know to justify what I'm doing
here
how do you think about measuring this to
so when you speak to someone like that
how do you kind of walk them through
that thought
process well first of all it's not the
only thing you will do and uh mostly it
is uh more top of the funnel strategy so
like it is you are trying to capture the
attention so it is like to this cult
audiences that you defined with this
audience insight and like these great
job titles and companies that you want
to Target so then like the first initial
thing that you look at is like is it the
campaign running do we have impressions
are we reaching them you can check with
demographics if you are reaching these
people and then like what is the
engagement and if they are watching the
video so if you use video then you see
how much they watch now we have the new
metric dwell time so uh you see if it is
uh some I don't know Carousel or
something some some post how much time
time they they they spend there and also
like you can see the engagement like um
yeah reactions on on the post and you
can see if it is from the IDE ideal
audience so it's kind of like initial
signal if you are reaching the Right
audience and uh yeah then the other
tactics like retargeting and some direct
respon can come into later with the
retargeting campaigns I hope if everyone
gets one thing from this it's that you
cannot approach LinkedIn the same way
you approach Google ads
LinkedIn it's very much when it comes to
and I would say paid social in general
not just LinkedIn but when you play the
game of paid social you're in the game
of influence what I the way I like to
think about is like you're trying to
manufacture celebrity is really what
you're trying to do you're trying to
create you're trying to make someone
famous or something famous I mean that's
that's really the end goal you know and
all of these things uh engagement rate
video consumption it's just Arbitrage to
be able to drive more views more clicks
more interactions with that content so
you can improve the likelihood that
you're going to actually create brand
affinity and Trust which will then lead
to said Fame right people love follow
you and and all these good things so
then it really just becomes this game of
Arbitrage I think that for for that
skeptic listening another thing you
could do as well is just if you already
start with a retargeting campaign and
you're getting a certain Baseline of
performance from that in terms of
expected demos and trials
make the Assumption in like kind of the
forecast of like well we're getting X
return right now from our retargeting
campaigns but we're severely limited by
size well if we invested in prospecting
and we did these top of funnel things
that Roman is talking about and we drove
this incremental size in audience well
based on this click this clickthrough
rate this conversion rate I can expect
you know this outcome in terms of net
new so it's a shift in mindset for sure
and I know it does take some Faith um
but if you do at the end of the day
LinkedIn is expensive and by being able
to distribute your content with focusing
on infeed consumption you also get the
benefit of using all these other cheaper
campaign objectives like brand awareness
engagement video views uh where you're
going to be paying dramatically lower
cpms compared to conversion and and Le
gen so yeah I I I can always like I
always hear that one I have this one CMO
in my mind that I I always like to make
that point of clarification because
they're trying it's like taking a a
round Peg and trying to smash it into a
square hole you know like that that
analogy it just it will not fit and how
you approach LinkedIn needs to be
different yeah yeah that that is true uh
and yeah as you mentioned like uh you
either start with retargeting and then
try to extrapolate and also with this
top of the funnel you are trying to
build the like the goal is often like
the building the retargeting audience
that will uh again that engage with you
like 30 days ago 180 days ago and you
then nurture them with other content and
also with these campaigns that are
asking for the demo or for trial yeah
right on tip number
four yeah so it is uh connected to the
infeed uh distribution and consumption
basically what I mentioned before is
with video ads and um yeah I
think instead it's basically in feed and
people do not have to leave then you can
produce like these really like lowcost
content like the podcast Clips you see
it everywhere and or what is good also
if you rep repurpose like webinars that
you run and then also like product demo
Vol through so it can be like two minute
video of product demo and basically if
you will have like two minute video and
I don't know 100 or like 500 people will
watch that you can see that in in the
data then
like it's you did like 500
Demos in in like short period and and
not for high cost typically I use this
like demo videos already in in
retargeting because it's like people
know the brand they uh engaged so
showing them like what the product does
what what is the benefit so yeah and
then like using using that across all
the different different targeting like
so for in C layer more ed educative more
about the pain points and retargeting
product demos
testimonials um it can be basically if
you run some events or you are attending
some events offline events then leverage
it as content opportunity so if you meet
customers there just yeah ask them to to
tell something about the product about
their experience so that is then really
like low cost and you have good social
proof and you can distribute it also
cheaper I love this point because a lot
of people listening to
this they almost think of ads separately
as they do organic content or they they
think of everything in terms of its own
Silo and 80% of your success in terms of
creating Demand with LinkedIn is
predicated on content
so what you're saying Roman is to
repurpose content that you're already
using and guarantee distribution through
Linkedin ads right and and specifically
like the podcast Clips are really great
or like the demo video in feed or or the
social proof testimonials because they
can consume it in feed and they don't
need to go to you know your landing page
or or so on and so forth to be able to
actually receive the
value yeah exactly and that is basically
much cheaper if you will run some single
image ads to customer story they will
maybe click some people will land on the
page most of them will bounce and uh the
the cost to deliver this message will be
much higher so like just putting the
video in feet and even like it doesn't
have to be video in this case it can be
even like the full case study almost in
in in the in like sort of Carousel or
some or something so yeah and um yeah
that is definitely like what I would
recommend uh do not overthink the
production just uh yeah start with some
uh record talking head video or like
just a product demo loom video that you
can
and and this is the way how you can
start get started nice tip number
five yes uh so
uh we mentioned that this like INF feed
consumption and um like you cannot
measure that easily and you are just
getting cre and Impressions then what I
would also say you can use this like
popular tactic like lead gen with
content um you know uh just promot some
ebook or webinar to capture these leads
it's it's like really uh unpopular
especially when when you know we are
talking now in about infed consumption
and now we want to just get their
contact and send them email with the
ebook or something but it is uh you can
have it as a part of their your audience
running Clen campaign with content and
uh basically you can validate also the
audience so you will at least get some
leads for for for your stakeholders and
your your stakeholder okay we are
getting some leads and uh they are
relevant there is obviously not this
buying intent but you can say we we are
reaching this audience we see that these
people that submitted the form are in
this audience so you validate basically
the the hypothesis that you define the
right targeting and then you can
basically work with them obviously like
the Sal cycle is long they are not in
Market but you get them in retargeting
audiences some people use slead scoring
so um yeah people s sales people reach
out to them like after they engage more
or something so yeah it's like then
depends on you but it can be some
additional tactic where you can get
first initial results understand the
audience what the content they are
interested in and um yeah then also get
them into retargeting this is such a
great tip and point
uh this is I almost like I'm I'm the way
I'm digesting what you're saying it's
like the staircase
you know and it's a staircase based
on on a few factors number one is like
leadership trust and faith in this
strategy as a whole number two quality
of content right is your content good
enough to stand on its own right and be
ungated and then number three is you can
use this like you're mentioning so
you're if you're just starting with
LinkedIn ads and you know going back to
the previous tips youve defined your
audiences you got clear on the messaging
you decided what content you want to
repurpose now it's time to push it out
out there but you're still kind of like
I don't know about this like yeah the
LinkedIn demographics report is telling
me these people are seeing it but like I
don't really believe it you can use
gated content alongside of your ungated
content to get optins and then with that
now you're able to validate job titles
and and everything else to then say and
have the confidence to say okay this
audience is on point um and then you can
make the case to leadership to be like
Hey we're getting opt-ins to you know
this piece of content at you know X
let's just use the ebook example that
you talked about maybe you're promoting
an ebook and you're like okay we're
getting $50 signups to this ebook $100
signups whatever it might
be which is really expensive and then
you can I I think of everything like a
funnel like you can then say well if 50
you know it cost us $50 to get them to
download it maybe the drop off between
download and actually open is another
60% so then if you take the difference
between that and you assume you know 60%
drop off 40% stay on then your actual
cost for ebook red is you know whatever
that number might be they do not openend
that yeah it's it just sits in their in
their inbox right um and then you can
say you can make the inverse where it's
like well if we just take that ebook and
we make it a PDF that's open on a
document ad now we've cut dramatic steps
in between and again if the goal of the
if the goal here is to build brand
affinity and Trust right and get more
opportunities to retarget them we will
have more opportunities for brand infin
and Trust at a lower cost by not gating
the the piece of asset so yeah I wanted
to draw that out for people because
that's that's the the the magic sauce
that I think gets lost sometimes but
when you break it out like that I I
think my experience talking to like a
lot of CMOS or CFOs where they're very
analytical and and you know numbers
driven if you can break it out like that
and show them like option one option two
what makes more logical sense if outcome
is this and then they're they're able to
really easily see
it yeah that is a good point that then
it makes a also better case for ungating
or like going with the INF
distribution and and and like vice versa
for everyone listening like if you I I
truly believe the answer is always it
depends you know because there are some
people where like I have a client right
now where they run webinars and for
their webinars they have a 70%
attendance rate
70% the value of getting somebody on a
webinar where they spend 30 minutes 45
minutes with you that will build branded
infinity and Trust faster than anything
else right especially when it's a
relevant webinar on a timely topic you
can deliver immense value in an
experience like that way more than you
can in an infeed casual video or an
ebook being read or a Blog article being
read so this is the other part of it too
is the psychology aspect of like what
are you doing and then you just have to
work backwards and understand the
different steps within the process so in
their case they have a 70% show rate
it's really great you know uh so we
crush with webinars and we do webinars
all day every day uh and we see real
pipeline coming from those webinars so
this is where if you're listening to
this like there there are no silver
bullets like really just think about it
in terms of an experiment map out your
pilot and see what the data tells you um
all right let's go on to tip number
six yeah maybe it would be also like
connected to to the tip five uh it's
basically we mentioned now like the lead
generation with content but also do not
uh underestimate that you can also
capture the demand with the the demo
request as signups in the retargeting as
well so
yeah that is second part like the direct
this direct respon tactics so it's like
the Leen with content and then also try
Leen with uh demo request to see if uh
yeah you can actually convert the the
audience this maybe how you can start
with
retargeting uh to see if you can convert
that and then try it also with Legion
form when you like kind of simplify the
process to capture those leads and yeah
so that's it's kind of yeah it's not the
question if it works but how to make it
work and um yeah just it's about like
testing the messaging trying to find the
the the the right content or like the
right case study that that will uh lead
them to to the action so and yeah
basically that's what I wanted to
mention as very about the the lead
generation part so it's not only about
content but about direct response nice
and when I go to the next tip uh then
it's like the the at creative testing
which is uh directly connected also a
lot with the direct response uh
campaigns where uh yeah you can start
with something but um you will not find
the right messaging in the beginning or
is like just showing one product at will
not make it so uh and the frequency
typically on these will be high so you
really need to make sure that you have
regular process on like at creative
testing refreshing them and making sure
that you do not like have a lot of AD
fatigue uh and at least once a month uh
change the change the ads change the
messaging and uh also yeah just get more
insights on like what what is resonating
with this audience typically like more
bottom of the
funnel yeah I always say when it comes
to capturing demand it's it's like the
spaghetti phase you're just throwing a
bunch of things at the wall and seeing
what sticks you know so in this case
like whether it's creatives or or
audience variations you're trying to see
what's the optimal combination uh that
will work so the tip here is capture
Demand with retargeting so kind of just
every step is like building on the last
one so now you've got this multi-art
system working in tandem right now right
where you're you're casting the net and
then now you're you're kind of hooking
the fish in in a way all right tip
number
seven yeah
so maybe this is how you can actually
start uh so leveraging this low cost
tactics as text Spotlight ads and
follower ads so with text ads you barely
get clicks so if you run it with website
objective the lowest cost per click just
uh $10 a day budget you won't get any
clicks so you won't spend anything but
you will get impressions the same with
Spotlight ads uh I think there The Click
uh cost per click the minimum cost per
click is higher so but anyway it doesn't
spend that much and it shows your logo
as well and with follower ads uh I would
yeah these two like text and Spotlight
ads I would run them in retargeting so
like longer audience is just showing the
the the the ads and then follower ads
more in like the code layer to like kind
of try to get them in in to follow the
page and get more insights like from the
organic content that you share and yeah
one thing to mention there is like it's
it's easy to start because it's very low
cost production it's like just few
headlines that you can write in one hour
like just 10 ad variant just combine
that together and uh yeah just start
running that and even you will not spend
even like
$100 a month on these these tactics so
yeah it's just easy way to show the logo
I I recently did uh an article on
Spotlight ads and I pulled some data
around like average cost per click
average CPM so just to unpack how much
in terms of what I saw was the average
CPM is about
$530 on average for spotlight ads which
is like this is LinkedIn people you know
what I mean like this so cheap um which
is amazing and then when you do pay per
click in the sample size that I I
studied was about $7 on average per
click which is not like insane but I've
also heard in some instances people
paying like I was talking with uh one of
my friends yber he had a client that was
paying $140 a click on a spotlight ad
which I was like that is insane but that
is very much an outlier you know and the
the average is more around the the seven
mark from from what I've seen so totally
agree on that like it's such an easy way
to just and this is like not a
GameChanger ad type right like this is
not gonna you you're not gonna get rich
off of a text ad or a spot like that
like you know um this is just
more going back to like the point around
you're trying to create celebrity right
like what what do celebrities have in
common they're known so how can we
increase the opportunities to be known
this is another opportunity to do that
at just a really cheap cost so that's
kind of like the way to frame it right
it's like you just you can put this in
your retargeting layer or you can put
like you said you can put it in your
your uh prospecting AUD uh campaign just
going after like a list of accounts and
it's just another little touch point for
you to to resonate with them um for for
everyone listening right now uh like my
Spotlight ads have like a click theough
rate of
0.3% which is insane that's like
extremely high first of all that on the
one hand I'm like happy but I'm also sad
because I'm like stop clicking you know
stop clicking on the damn ad like maybe
I need to make it uglier or something on
purpose you know so people don't click
but one thing you can do to make your
ads your your if you did want to get
more clicks from your Spotlight ads
better uh is edit like don't use a
company logo or like a generic company
logo like edit it and put like a funny
picture so basically what I did was I
put a profile picture of me and then I
put like the heart eyes emoji over my
face so it stands out I think I saw that
yeah you know and then you're like
you're like what the hell is that is
that Sylvio you know what I mean like in
AC conversion or um so you can get
creative with it like I've also seen
other people where they don't so when
you do a spaight ad it can be you and
then it'll dynamically change for the
person that it's being served to you can
also add a background image to the
spotlight ad which removes the the
component of the person being served to
and I've seen some companies where
they'll put like really unique
backgrounds and it just like the by
default the LinkedIn skin is is like is
light it has a light theme so they'll
put like a dark background which
automatically creates contrast with the
LinkedIn uh layout yeah which makes it
more prominent which increases click
theough rates so there's are cool things
you can do like that but generally
speaking you don't want clicks on on
these ads exactly I did this with text
ads where I just screenshotted basically
notification on LinkedIn what I have in
my notification and then I put it as a
instead of the logo so then people were
clicking on that because they thought
they got notification but it was
basically so yeah it was driving traffic
but then yeah it's it's to you don't
want them to click on that and like with
basically how I set up the text and
Spotlight ads is uh
website click uh objective and then just
the minimal bit you can set so it
doesn't go like 100 as you mentioned and
just yeah the the the daily budget above
the that CPC it can be like I don't know
if it is like
nine cost per click then you said at
least like 20 so you get the Impressions
and when it gets spent that day then
then it stop showing but but uh yeah you
at least control the the cost of that
that's a good point on the bidcal so for
everyone that had a heart attack you can
set caps on on these these ad types all
right uh tip number
eight yes so I think uh yeah we talked
about like the you are Distributing the
content and and you are running Clen
campaigns and so on and it is focused a
lot about the company and you are like
trying to optimize the campaigns making
make them um as efficient as possible
but yeah what like these ads benefit
from is like the founder L marketing so
if the founder or uh yeah basically
subject matter expert from the company
is visible on LinkedIn he is posting he
has like his organic to reach so that's
one part like there is someone known
from the industry active on the on the
LinkedIn like the founder is like the
best option and then basically you can
scale and amplify that with top leader
ads and what I will say if clients ask
me like what is something what we don't
do I'm like we are not running to leader
ads and like it's the basically it's the
best
performing uh format right now on
LinkedIn so it's good to profit on that
and do it as soon as possible because it
will get cheaper people will get used to
it so it's definitely worth uh doing and
also the the rest of the campaigns that
you are running will benefit from that
this ties so beautifully with your
earlier Point around Distributing
content so this is an even easier way to
distribute and repurpose that content
just take the post that your subject
matter expert already went to the effort
of creating just get approval and know
you run it as an ad in your in your uh
campaigns yeah exactly and the the
benefit if people do not understand the
benefit is you it's like targeted to the
audience that you defined so it's not
like just random organic reach on
LinkedIn you define the audience is
where you want to show it
and yeah I will emphasize there that the
the content has to has to have like good
quality to have good engagement and also
to like say something uh good so I would
avoid any AI post or yeah something very
generic or something like too company
focused something that is educational uh
or it can be also customer stor so where
you explain maybe you talk with
customers so you explain the story and
maybe you then propose you then explain
also the solution that you have but uh
yeah have it like really not too uh
company focused uh but rather
educational to to add the value yep tip
number
nine yeah so uh we are coming to the end
and so you launch these campaigns and um
yeah the the main thing you want are
results so I do not have any like
perfect solution for that so it is
combination so like tracking impact on
on the bottom line is not about having
like one set one solution that will tell
you these campaigns are working so but
if I would uh break it down I would
start with conversion tracking so I
often see in the accounts it is missing
like set up this inside pixel set up the
form submissions uh for on the website
the the conversion tracking um and yeah
the other option like conversion API and
so on so I wouldn't go deeper into that
then properly using UTM parameters so
now we have the dynamic UTM parameters
so it's much easier than before and uh
yeah then it is important to capture
them and store them in CRM so when you
get this direct result sometime then
then you get you get at least the source
and you at least like when you see this
result then you least know okay this
seems is that is working because yeah we
get the the direct attribution there as
well
and then yeah on top of that you can use
some multi attribution so uh basically
influence P pipeline so you have this
different attribution tools uh on the
market there are some free options as
well so definitely good to try and at
least get additional Insight so I found
it very useful with u Adam when he
launched fibler I use it every time I
can to just see what is the influence on
the pipeline I built some own solution
but it is not as good as as what he
built with Fi nice that's awesome so
setting the right combination of
tracking methods is the big takeaway so
you you can't just rely on one thing so
it's using a combination of the things
so it's like you mentioned the in
platform tracking so tracking to the
pixel client side setting up that
conversion tracking setting up the the
conversion API ideally so you can push
those server side conversions using UTM
and making sure you have the right
tracking templates in place so when you
do get that long awaited conversion you
can actually see where it came from and
a multi-touch attribution tool right so
that you can understand what are the
different touch points right that went
in between impression and and form fill
right yeah exactly and it's mainly about
getting the insights so it's not like
about one source of Truth so one source
of truth will be your C CRM like the
trends from the webs side and so on and
like some like the quality metrics like
conversion rates but with this with this
tracking you try to get the insides and
try to look from this different
perspective and maybe you find some good
data but also you can find some uh bad
data it's like okay we reached uh we
spent uh this manyy on this company and
so we want to exclude that so typically
like the bigger companies like apple
Microsoft and so on they can eat a lot
of Impressions so it is something what
it can uncover so good to look on like
different insights from this different
perspective to understand where it's
working or where where we shouldn't we
where we should optimize yeah right on
all right the 10th and final
tip yeah
so I think this is the most important
thing about LinkedIn when you start you
need to make commitment so I always
recommend at least six month plan and
and this is what I did when I basically
shifted like from the legion tactics to
to demand genen let's say we will do the
six-month campaign and see what are the
signals that we get in that period so
when you define your targeting uh you
have this great audience you show that
to stakeholders they know okay we will
Target the these people in these
companies that that's great you have the
messaging you have the content you have
the tactics that you will use obviously
you will not do all of them at once
maybe you will build it step by step
like maybe retargeting then some video
content in C layer and so on so you can
include it into your plan in the six
month plan and make a kind of estimate
of the budgets that you need So based on
the audience size in the code layer what
you will need to reach uh I always count
with at least 40% of the audience this
is what I found Benchmark that you can
reach and uh then what is the like
audience size in retargeting how how it
will grow over time so kind of estimate
the budgets to make sure that you have
good frequency and so on so and then
basically you have the budget and then
you present it to stakeholders okay this
is what we need to invest uh over this
time and uh yeah we should commit to it
to see uh if it's working if we get the
results so if you run it for one month
or in some cases it's two weeks it's
like just where we do have the results
like it's too early so at least six
months it but it can be even longer but
like during the time period you look and
and on these insides like the
conversions on LinkedIn the the
influence maybe also the engagement if
it is from the Right audience and also
the reach if you are reaching the Right
audience so yeah uh the the the last
point was basically when you want to
start with it and stick with these
campaigns then just make sure that you
commit to longer period nice I love it
all right just to recap the the 10 tips
here so tip number one was to research
your customers you mentioned some pretty
good things around sales calls checking
out the sales call recordings and uh
making sure you're pulling out the the
messaging and then validating that
messaging with your sales team through
some sort of form to make sure that it
resonates number two was just to uh
Define your targeting so get clear on
your audience size the targeting
combinations and the personas that you
want to reach uh with the audience
insights tool and really really spend a
lot of the time making sure you di that
in first and then number three was all
around now Distributing your content now
that you're clear on your messaging in
your audience make sure that you
distribute that content ideally in feed
content um but you can use a mixture of
gated content as well the next tip was
to repurpose your content tip number
four so take what you already have and
just see if you can repurpose it whether
that's uh podcasts Clips on demand demo
videos film through Loom testimonials
anything at all that you can use to
repurpose as a lwh hanging fruit and
then tip number five was to also test
content leaden alongside geted content
and the the key Point here was you can
use leaden as a mechanism to validate
lead quality within a certain audience
pool so then you can make the transition
into ungated uh tip number six was to
capture Demand with retargeting right we
go at the end of the day we're running
ads to grow our businesses and we want
to make sure we're we're doing that and
working on of the good work that we're
doing in the previous steps tip number
seven is to use text and Spotlight ads
just for free mind share and and cheap
Impressions tip number eight is to
leverage founder Le or you know some
sort of subject matter expert so that
you can take their top engaging
educational post and then ReUse It For
Thought leader ads tip number nine was
to get the right combination of tracking
together so that you can pull insights
from it so whether that's uh in platform
tracking offline conversions your UTM
setup your multitouch attribution tool
look at it all holistically to make an
informed decision on are we doing the
right thing where do we where do we move
in where do we move out uh and and make
those Collective decisions and then the
10th and final tip was to make a
commitment of at least six months and uh
what I kept thinking when you were
saying that uh Roman was it is a
marathon and not a Sprint and you should
treat it as such Roman thank you so much
for joining if people want to connect
with you where can they find
you yeah thank you for for chat yeah
they can find me on LinkedIn so uh yeah
Roman Kish and uh yeah I'm happy to chat
and and give advice as well awesome
thank you so much for being on the show
and everyone watching see you in the
next one